it's not the kids buddy haven't seen him
in a few weeks this custody battles it's
really tough I'm sorry man lords can be
really rock bodies i'm your boy though
all right fellows It's Showtime you know
how this goes you've been doing it for
25 years you're the best in the business
coincidentally you're also best friends
you guys let's do this you're going down
his room the best duo Zeppelin I'm
talking Batman Robin Lone Ranger Tonto
Larry and Balki we got music in five
pull hold it hold it one good evening
and welcome to the best damn sports
center machine ever on that badger and
I'm hathwell something big day on the
diamond we begin in Toronto Yankees in
Blue Jays Carlos Delgado in the first oh
it's the biggest hit of the summer says
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone Jason
Giambi and the third looking to even
things up Oh get bill antenna phone
booth because that ball is about to
embark on one excellent adventure Blue
Jays totally bogus in this one Yankees
win big White Sox trying to climb out
the cellar against the Rangers big hurt
Oh somebody somewhere develop a lesson
plan about Christopher Columbus because
that ball is history
I'm about to pride you like to listen to
that shot a squared plus or minus the
square root of BAC all over to a touch
from all buddy because you just solved a
quadratic equation hey Ronen the fifth
trying to pad his home run lead oh he
turned that ball inside out because I
wore a t-shirt with a cigarette company
logo on it to school in the principal
side which like Doogie Howser's got his
journal entry for tonight because that
balls got to have some internal injuries
and also his girlfriend just gotten a
big fight raising a bag for Chipper
Jones Oh get out a pen and paper and
write your grandma thank you card cuz
she just sent you a five-dollar check
for your birthday one doesn't make any
sense at all and the doogie howser one
did actually add made you quite a bit of
sense we move on to the eighth Andruw
Jones looking to join the hit parade by
the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo time
februari second 1840s most Mexican
American War the Republic of Mexico was
forced to cede to the united states and
territories now comprise rules in
California Colorado Arizona New Mexico
and Utah that my friends was the Gadsden
Purchase in that ball was history that
history bid is mine are you talking
about that week Columbus piece you did
okay well your ass is going to be
history if you keep stealing my bits
bitch san fran when it's a three in a
row taking on the padres every bombs in
the third oh the baton of all just got a
divorce and the ball god must be of the
left field bleachers
Barry Bonds does have a sweet power
swing but he's also got a poor
broadcasting boys as well as a lazy eye
a crooked nose bad hygiene and a
receding hairline why don't you shut up
I'll get out of your home run yankees my
co-anchor hears about to cry jump in the
fifth there's a puddle at home plate
that ball was pissed on not like my
co-anchor who loves golden shower yep
that homerun definitely was huge just
like my co-anchors big fat ass wife oh
he definitely did nail that when you're
right a lot like I nailed your hot 17
year old daughter Jeff kin again in the
night just a triple away from the cycle
and he slaps that one oh it's salted
that one verbally and physically and I'm
going to call the police and press
charges put on your favorite tuxedo and
pick out a casket because I'm going to
fucking kill you whoa fellas fellas
jiminy Christmas quit it guys are better
than this your best friend's half dad
was the best man at your wedding dad
named your dog hat come on guys you get
back together mix of beautiful music
just like captain and tennille salt and
pepper all right go into music in crosby
Stills
Nash welcome back to the huge machine
show we head out to lala land Dodgers
take on the brew crew Chavez Ravine
Shawn green that ball was crushed he
never knew you could be so violent and
cruel shawn green did hit that ball very
hard but it's all a big misunderstanding
Shawn green lost his temper and he's
sorry baby it won't happen shawn green
is so confused right now he doesn't know
what to think shawn green promised
himself you wouldn't cry tawau key must
be absolutely devastated you know if I
were the rumors interim manager Jerry
Royster I might call for a squeeze play
a squeeze huh yeah a squeeze hey
remember that home run by Sean green
yeah put you that baby up and glow above
oh cuz that ball is gum well that's
going to just about do it for the BCD
CMV CDG that bad you're saying will you
marry me and I'm hapless uncen saying
I'll think about it stay tuned for the
award station for a live postseason
youth soccer party from Kate Rose pizza
next up ladies and gentlemen the coach
of your 2002 8 year old and under soccer
league coach Riley thank you very much
and welcome back to the final award of
the 2002 Summerside early season
emotional physical psychological no
matter what type of abuse these parents
imposing no children one thing's for
sure they're not very good role models
the nominees for most abusive dad are
whose abusive norm chinedu damn it Cody
I'm stupid play soccer play soccer
captain suck